I have to do is go to the avant-garde weapons bar that I never know at this time
that we are in a beautiful place a beautiful house in the neighborhood of caballito
After talking to him, Mr. Horacio Osorio, who is the General Director of the O
the first question by the way is what does teo mean
copperloa chests that as is
that meaning of tv
p these works on biomolecular double-way roads
fundamentally all this name so rude and noble in his name
specific
what it points to is a cellular order to organize a cellular function
in pathologies such as
rheumatic diseases
Much has been said about this and much is said about
the rheumatic pathologies looking different
alternative to be able to find relief
to people who are suffering and who know
who have left will never leave
and that until now it can never be true is now has arrived and has arrived
since
The team of
Russian gas writer
then before applying in Kuga different countries and today is used throughout Europe
almost 13 years that we have been applying are the public
in the other country that that type device what ensured its count of
i this result has been obtained from what is represented by them per cent with
this technology
very varied in the aspect because we have been changing in the apparatus for
as all the technology modify organism that modifying paying a better
result
I believe that the interested
this one because the numbers are very cold
I found a puddle of dady cereal with
reference in a result control
he also knows
psst more I would like to tell you and present the people I want a
possible says
a different chance
to be able to tackle a disease of these characteristics that is
progressive
I left negative
that is going to pay candú the whole unit is marking the whole body more that of
that start a certain area is taking all patient
and that they happen again doing taking medication and trying to alleviate and in
that side the thing in the best way that can
today he has a different pose
of not taking medication
of not using any type of fet and massive
Chávez and insertions in this farm vines
all that kind of thing is the possible new different this therapy has to
see with fabrics and remember
it has to do with one
nurses got fed up a yes sustained disorder of time seems like a symptom
and that symptom what we have to correct
percent today we have the possibility of
able to treat these rheumatic diseases without any kind of
medication
without any side effects if no side effects
and fundamentally where the person from the moment of finding this
is going to go gradually his had in mind finding functional changes less
pain
more mobility
better anti-inflammatory process
We do not think that it is finding a little light in the background the way that
this moment I could not stand it according to panji there is also something that is very
important since with 3 percent and if there is a patient that is still here
taking some medication
does not take away the medication directly in three phases the treatment with the
medication that patient is taking cpi the improvement is noted that
he has to be noticing he is leaving the medicines
Obviously not the name of polydicastic unemployment, lucia is scarce,
amounts
the patient who take out those bags and their delegations
for one hundrerd
we do not use a consensus
we shelter
medication what are we going to do from the medical department control the
medication is taking
possible to your general practitioner
the patient is in better condition and can regulate the medication
what are you taking
that is why there is a supply of the city 100% here m the price of the initiative
biomolecular have
medical staff
important hooker
doctors kinesiologists psychologists
as well as by the containment of percent
percent
in fact that
well then this one I would like
viviana that the medical director this one will participate in the talk
and all the teachers immediately afterwards had such a budget
we invite you to internalize participate
good can you give us your experience camdessus and Jesus restlessness but
I repeat we continue talking with you now we are going to speak where he graduated
explanations percent in that of bilateral patients still has it
you can apply
the winners
all in the ica of all charges except the escorial
His Followers
if we put gh
actually by the way other people account we are
eleven
that's why the pathologies percent and mostly you understand people feel
good at the head of the portfolio or césar pérez becerril each class is men
recognize hand kadeer current administration --balance present in
anywhere in our body where a joint is to show
process for each of them
2 behind the duck what is already the
all the power available to the patient
makes the project draft an estimated time in how much time it starts to
feel discomfort
in the afternoon
the baby actually a bit of the evolution that they have had previously
with the pathology
to integrate changes in change that are not going to be maintained over time
we achieved within two weeks of treatment
there are people who have a lot more response before but really the average is a
Cancer treatment baby begins to feel the slag
we found a very important cancer
that not only are changes at the level of an articulation but that it changed in
is round in everything the quality of life of the patient
basseterre the sound of bribery
by the way a medication that is applied in the city of elche this treatment
of beauty